e
test consumers can't pay their bills
debt is rising and delinquencies are
becoming a problem you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you in
today's video we are going to talk about
the consumer the consumer is the economy
they're keeping this engine going and
you've got to understand that what's
going on today could be a very big
problem for this insatiable appetite for
debt let's get into it I starting right
here Biden targets a new economic
villain shrink flation liberals pred the
president for years to blame the big
corporations for price increases finally
doing so in the grocery aisle saying hey
the businesses are ripping people off
that's great that's fantastic but of
course nothing will ever be done about
it okay they can increase the prices
they can do so they can shrink flate
things or what about this they can do
skimp flation you used to get that soap
that was so thick and now you get it
it's runny like water skim flation oh no
worries okay fine you don't want us to
to do shrink flation okay no problem
we're just going to add more water in
there we're going to put more air in
that bag of chips we're going to make
sure that we make our corpor profits and
you get the short end of the stick
you've got to understand this they can't
mandate this if you try to like if you
look at this and and think to yourself
well you know the government's going to
step in they're going to put some rules
and regulations in place businesses will
figure their way around they'll sell to
different markets or they'll go out of
business there's no exception where
they're simply willing to take less
profit it's not going to happen and you
might say well too bad if Host this and
crap and all these companies are going
to go out of business they employ a lot
of people they employ a lot of people
they'll do layoffs they'll make sure
that they make back their profits
somehow oh we we can't do shrinkflation
anymore because of some rule or whatever
no problem you know all those 10,000
people over there fire them all we need
our profits we're going to put the
robots in their place that's what
happens here it is a very
dangerous a very dangerous place to be
in let me tell you consumers pushing
back against price increases and winning
I thought hey this is great what are
they doing I want to know their tricks
so I'm reading it and they're saying hey
we are fighting back instead of buying
the name brand we're buying the non-name
brand instead of going to the you know
the big stores or whatever we're going
to the discount noname type
stores is that all is that is that
fighting back not at all really okay
because what's going to happen what's
going to happen nothing like the prices
are still going to increase the
devaluation of the currency is still
happening right but people are desperate
they're doing whatever they can and I
obviously I I agree with that what can
we do well what are things that we can
do right
away by the way I have an entire video
how entire playlist how to end Solutions
no other YouTuber has that okay that
does what I do how to in Solutions you
got to understand this if you go to the
produce terminal in your city you can
buy buy the case and you could get this
at a discounted price yeah you got to
buy a case of stuff but you will get
food in bulk at a discount now what's a
case well think about tomatoes or
something when you go you're buying it
at a case I buy bananas by the case
already but if you want any sort of
produce you can get that by the case by
the case yeah it's a lot but you split
it split it with your neighbor split it
with your family friends if you have to
but you know a lot of that stuff you can
freeze that you can preserve that stuff
or you can just eat a lot of it depends
on what you like okay and so that's a
food produce terminal or food terminal
depends on the terminal a lot of times
they're used for both food and for
landscapers they can get like flowers
and all that stuff it depends on your
city some of them require you to have a
license to go there others there are
several in the United States that do not
require any form of license it just
depends on your particular City all
right consumers fended off a recession
but keep spending like there's no
tomorrow consumers will always spend Wy
Wy coyote he didn't stop before he got
to the edge of the cliff he went over
the cliff and then he realized uhoh I
went too far and that's what's happening
here no no different I I wouldn't expect
it to be any different this time around
okay Euro area inflation is slowing down
oh that's right I mean prices are still
going up but not quite as much as we
have seen before all that should make
you feel real good right first of all
nobody sees prices going down anywhere I
mean that that's crazy you tell me
though if you do
you I would I would like to know a new
Holy Grail in the housing crisis
Statewide rent caps so people are asking
for rent caps now rents have gone up
considerably there's no question about
it but also borrowing costs have as well
and so the landlords are pushed into the
corner too in many case depends if they
have debt most of them do and so they're
saying okay my cost to service this is
like incredibly higher than it was
before I was borrowing money at the
lowest price ever and now suddenly I'm
renting out this place and the cost is
way higher so this could be a problem
for people it depends right it could be
just that hey that's the market rent now
we're going to increase it uh it all
depends but you're seeing this as an
obvious issue for a lot of people they
can't afford it and so what are they
going to do will they downgrade their
life maybe maybe but if the government
starts to put rent caps in um then the
condition of the properties will worsen
considerably there won't be any any
Renovations done they're not going to do
that and then you have what I believe
could be more
corporate uh landlords more corporate
landlords so you're
inviting basically the black Stones the
black rocks all these big corporations
to step in and then buy up all the
properties from the Mom and Pops to say
look I can't afford it anymore I'm out
of the business there you go so be
careful what you wish for I would say
but I do understand people are they
can't afford I mean the prices are crazy
small business businesses signal price
pressures in the coming months months
uh-oh watch this the percentage of US
small businesses planning to hike
selling prices you see so the businesses
are saying I am going to increase the
price of my product and I will deliver
the inflation to the end user you see
that that is a real fact that's not some
nonsense inflation number that's not the
Euro oh Euro area inflation's going down
look this this is real stuff
this is the biggest and best student
loan debt stats look it crazy $ 1.74
trillion as of last year now they they
you know have been forgiving some of
this but come on $1.74 trillion of it
you know it's never going to be paid
back it's not going to be paid nobody
wants to pay it back but they're
supposedly forced to make payments right
now I want to see some new numbers on
that you've got charge offs that are
occurring discover Capital One dealing
with a problem right now that people
aren't able to pay but you look at the
details overall the numbers are still
low so I wanted to make that clear okay
delinquency rate on credit card loans
just looking at this um it it's still
low it's not the lowest it's ever been
but but it's comparatively to crisis
mode it uh it's low you got to know
there there's Prime subprime all that
stuff so obviously you're going to see
worse numbers but this this is like the
total of it all all
right and then I just wanted to share
the fact that if you want to know any of
the details that I share here I get into
them for two hours every single Friday
Finance Friday live um this is really
where I get into everything you ask me
questions live Q&A I do a presentation I
go through everything all the way from
like the 30,000 foot View and I go and I
bring that down all the way into looking
at the actual stock
technical analysis explaining it making
it real easy so I I hope that you'll
join there hit the link in the
description below to get some more
information about that hit that thumbs
up button on the way out don't forget
don't forget come back tomorrow I'll see
you then take
care